What is a website? A website is
a collection of related web pages,
including multimedia content typically
identified with a common domain name,
and published on at
least one web server.
In its bare form, a website is
a single domain that consists
of different web
pages. Web page is
a document which can be displayed
in a web browser such as Firefox,
Google Chrome, Opera, Microsoft
Edge, or Apple safari.
These are also often
called as pages.
Web server, a computer that hosts
a website of the internet.
Web sites can be created and
maintained by an individual group
business or organization to
serve a variety of purposes.
However, business owners may
know what a website is but some
of them are not familiar or
unaware of the benefits a website
can provide for
their business.
Without a website, the business
can lose great opportunities.
It is because a website itself
can be used to accomplish many
different marketing strategies
to help the business grow.
What is the typical
website anatomy?
A typical website anatomy consists
of the following sections.
Head reception, banner section,
services section, main content section,
sub content section, send us a message
section, and footer section.
Header section. In the header section,
we can see the main navigation,
logo, phone number, and social
media icons. Banner section.
In the banner section, we can see
the slogan and call to action button.
Services section. In the services section,
we can see the list of services.
Main content section. In
the main content section,
we can see the main content with
image. Soft content section.
In the sub content section, we
can see the sidebar buttons,
sidebar button images, admission
statement. Send us a message section.
In the send us a message section, we
can see the send us a message form.
Footer section. In the footer section,
we can see the footer content,
footer navigation,
and footer logo.